YR/Fix build number appearing in sdk upload via pipeline/XSUP-30181 (#3870)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added support to run specific hooks in **pre-commit**. Use with `demisto-sdk pre-commit <hook>`.
* **Breaking change**: Removed the command **run-unit-tests**. Use `demisto-sdk pre-commit pytest-in-docker` instead.
* **Breaking change**: Removed the `--unit-test` argument in **pre-commit**. To skip unit tests, run with `--no-docker` or with `skip=pytest-in-docker`,

> * Fixed an issue where the build number appeared in the pack info when using SDK-upload via pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the build number was incorrectly shown in XSOAR marketplace when using the **upload** command on external repositories via GitLab Pipelines.

```

Author: fixed

* **Breaking change**: Removed the command **run-unit-tests**. Use `demisto-sdk pre-commit pytest-in-docker` instead.
* **Breaking change**: Removed the `--unit-test` argument in **pre-commit**. To skip unit tests, run with `--no-docker` or with `skip=pytest-in-docker`,
* Fixed an issue where SDK commands were failing to execute correctly when supplied a path outside the Content repository.

> * Fixed an issue where the build number was incorrectly shown in XSOAR marketplace when using the **upload** command on external repositories via GitLab Pipelines.
> ## 1.24.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the build number was incorrectly shown in XSOAR marketplace when using the **upload** command on external repositories via GitLab Pipelines.

## 1.24.0
```
